cryptocurrencies have risen after a
setback of
50% in some cases today we will cover
the information related to bitcoin they
rise and fall and I want to get into
some other issues as well you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you let's begin with this an article I
was reading was discussing the Netscape
moment and essentially what we have here
is Netscape released Netscape Navigator
that's the internet browser in
1995 at the time 15 million people had
the
internet okay and then obviously we see
today that more than 3.6 billion people
across the world are using the internet
so was it because of Netscape Navigator
perhaps not but we can see that since
that point everything to do with the
internet has escalated and has been
obviously with the internet of things
made its way to become pervasive then we
get into this key events in bitcoin's
history the price has not reached where
it was at its peak but it is somewhat
near there so these are some of the
points that are very important to
bitcoin's history and you can see that
India is going to legalize Bitcoin and
hedge funds demand Goldman Sachs cover
Bitcoin Fidelity announces mining
Bitcoin Russia to legalize Bitcoin Japan
legalized Bitcoin we're seeing all these
major events that have taken place over
the years which are in fact giving it
some sense of maturity and giving it
that sort of credibility that it needs
it is in its absolute infancy right now
I see it as being a means of
transaction you can see different
different companies beginning to accept
Bitcoin mainstream companies here they
even mentioned a Swiss rail operator
they look at different gaming platforms
like steam starting to accept that
different websites are accepting it and
we can see that it's sort of getting
more mainstream it's being picked up
here and it is a good thing it's bullish
for Bitcoin but there are many people
which are simply speculating on bitcoin
and I think that is a big mistake
because it ultimately causes these price
fluctuations that we see if it was all
investors just consistently adding into
their portfolio we would see the price
rise slowly but surely but instead
that's not really what happen so we got
to chase this and everybody's has to
sort of get freaked out about it but the
point is that it is an excellent way to
transact between you and I without the
knowledge of a third party but the
governments want their hands on on
bitcoin all the transactions and
everything else and I see this as being
a very big problem that we have right
now not in the future but right now so
I'll cover that more in a moment just
wanted to look at this Bankers ditch the
fat salaries to chase digital currency
riches and many people who have been you
know in these executive positions they
have made their way now into um starting
off with their own type of crypto
currency digital currency any form of
this and you can see that it has become
um sort of
this it's it's basically there are 900
or so different cryptocurrencies out
there and this is starting to be a
little too much in fact it is far too
much and most of them are like the Doom
bubble when we have so many companies
with nothing more than an idea being
valued at millions and millions you know
that something is wrong that's the
problem I have it's not cryptocurrencies
in in general digital currencies whether
it's Bitcoin or ethereum or anything
else smart contracts and everything else
that they can perform I want to see
something tangible at least have your
business off the ground a lot of them
are simply an idea and that there you
know we get into it's a major
speculation because it's not just
speculating the price will go up it's
speculating that the company will even
get off the ground and that isn't a good
thing especially when people put a lot
of money behind this the US government
has unsealed an indictment against
BTC and one of its alleged operators
levying a $110 million fine for
violations allegedly committed by the
long-running Bitcoin exchange okay so
the government has their hands on this
maybe it's welld deserved that's fine
the only issue I have is that Bitcoin
and other cryptocurrencies want to be in
the underground in the dark markets but
that really doesn't seem to exist
because the government is able to get
their hands on everything that you and I
do and they're doing so here um with
with Bitcoin unfortunately what's
happening here these people may have
deserved it but the the whole point is
that we need a method of transaction
that doesn't involve a third party and
this would be excellent at that
unfortunately through the exchanges that
seems to be the weakest link that's
where the uh all the problems seem to be
not necessarily with the actual Bitcoin
itself not necessarily with anything to
do with underlying it it seems to be
right at the exchanges that's where
we're getting these problems so let's
keep our eyes out on what's Happening
Here and uh let's let's let's look at
this next we can see this robot workers
will soon be roaming the aisles of this
uh Schnucks stores so this is another
time when we see that robots automation
are displacing jobs they're just saying
you know it it won't do much it's just
this it's just that the way I see that
you know there is a trend that has been
forming and ultimately it's going
towards less human
Workforce and then we look at this here
this is in Sweden in fact the Swedish
prime minister said on his country and
its citizens were exposed to risks by
potential leaks of sensitive material
from an IT contract that one official
said has been rushed so they went
against their own policies and
unfortunately exposed a lot of people's
information and that was made in their
way you know definitely would have been
made in their way into into the wrong
hands we know that
a lot of people feel okay they feel I
can give my information to this maybe
it's the government or or maybe it's a
corporation whatever but what happens
when somebody steals that information or
it's their own fault as it was in this
case and as a result that opened up a
hole somebody comes in and they grab
what they need suddenly you're a little
violated you feel that you know what is
happening to me right now as a result of
this things change the tables turn and
that's my concern about giving our data
away to anybody
involuntarily that is a big issue now
that's it for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least check out my
website the money gps.com where I've got
a free ecourse for you gets into the
basics of the financials everything to
do with stocks and derivatives and then
I have the free ebooks on there
different subjects and many more things
for you to check out the money gps.com